Hey guys, welcome to a final video on creating a React application using a custom pack build.
Now in this video, we're going to be seeing a few things which are going to be making our code more
standardized in our organization.
And that is using the plugin called As is linked.
Now, if you are not used easily before yesterday, it basically helps you to make this syntax similar
across all the developers.
So for example, if I'm a developer who uses two spaces after each of the function or maybe like four
spaces after creating an object, and some other developer is using some other number of spaces, things
like this and other things such as how is the naming convention should be followed, what are the file
types that you can use and so on.
So there are like multiple rules that can be implemented using s linked and that differs according to
the organizations.
Now, before we go ahead, I would like to show you what are the things that I installed regarding Iceland?
Now you can see that a couple of things installed over here.
So we have the main Iceland library, then we have the Eastern configuration, Airbnb.
So we are going to be using the Airbnb configurations, all the rules that Airbnb has set up for their
company.
So this is quite standardized among all the organizations, quite good and easy to follow.
And then we have the excellent loader which are going to be using shortly.
Then we also have the mean yes and the pack plugin.
And then there are some additional side plugins which are used for React especially.
So that is basically understand the React syntax.
Okay.
So that is about the installation.
Let's go ahead and see how do we configuring it.
Now, similar to the plugin, we need to be first importing it.
So as a concept.
Yes.
Learned plugin equals to required.
And in here I'll put it as is linked that back plugin.
Okay.
So that's done.
Now we can go ahead and use this plugin.
So I'll come here in my plugin section and say new is learned plugin and then initialize it.
Well, that's pretty much it that needs to be doing for this plugin section.
But isn't it requires a configuration file that needs to be added to our repository.
So if I just come back to our 10.1 right click and say new file.
Yes, it needs a configuration file called as DOT.
Yes, link RC.
So that's the name of the file.
And in here we need to be passing in a configuration object.
So let's see how the configuration object looks like.
Now, you do not really need to memorize this because when you're doing the configuration, you'll generally
go to the yes and website, then try to follow the documentation and then, you know, use it according
to your needs.
But let's just see the basic configuration, what can be done.
I'm not going to be going too much into depth in the linked.
So the first parameter that we need to be specifying is the parser.
So that's going to be the parser.
And we are going to be specifying Babel as the parcel.
So I put it as Babel is linked.
So that's the parser.
The second configuration that we need to be parsing in is extent.
So in here we'll see.
It's going to be extending Airbnb.
So that's Airbnb configuration file.
Okay, so that's done.
Now we can sort of go ahead and run our incident configurations and see what happens.
So, for example, let me just open up my console and say NPM, run, build.
So let's just give it a try.
Okay.
So we have done this.
Now you can see that there are the five problems over here in total.
And there was like one error also.
So this is sort of expected and this is the natural behavior that you would get.
Now, in your case, you might be seeing a little bit more errors.
So don't don't really worry about it.
So that's that's totally fine.
Let's see how we can be fixing this errors.
Now, there are two ways of sort of fixing this errors.
So one of the ways is automatic in which you can be fixing some simple errors.
So since we do not have any sort of simple errors over here in my case, because I've ran this multiple
times.
So what I'm going to do here is I want to be creating an error.
So let's just go to the AB Dodgers and I'm going to be making some changes here.
So for example, let me put some spaces here, here as well, and let's try to just save this file and
I'm going to be running this NPM run build once again.
Okay, so that's done.
Now you can see that there are a lot of errors.
The indentation is wrong for many of the places.
And then we also see errors regarding the import extensions.
Then we have a reactive gsx file name extension.
So it's not able to understand that GSX is a valid file format.
So how you can be teaching it when you go to the ESL and asked the configuration file?
And in here we add additional parameters.
So it's called US rules.
And in the notes we are going to be defining couple of rules.
So what do you see over here is actually a rule name, so I can just copy this rule in from here.
Pasted right here.
And in this, I can sort of enable this rule by saying one, and then I need to be passing an additional
object.
Now, in this object, I'm going to be specifying what allowed these supported file limits.
So we can pass in parameter called as extensions.
And in this, we are going to be seeing an added and we will see that we support to file format.
So that is the DE.
S format as well as the DOT Gsx format.
So these are the two valid formats.
So let me just save that.
And I'm also going to be sort of mitigating this import extension's error because it says that you cannot
have this dot gsx in the end of the file.
So this is not a file like a valid file extension.
So we need to sort of mitigate that as well.
So let me just put a comma here and let's add this rule and then I'm just going to be passing the symbol
property saying off.
So I want to be disabling this rule, basically.
So let's save that.
And I want you to notice one more thing.
So you can see that we have a lot of issues that are added.
All right.
So these are still going to remain.
So let's see what happens once we run our build.
So as NPM ran build.
Okay.
So we saw that all the extensions are now valid.
So this rule has been applied and we'd Nazi any errors regarding import extension as well.
Now, how do we fix this error?
Do we need to be going to each file and fixing it?
Well, not really.
We have a loader in place for that.
So if you remember in the package dot, Jason, we had used this East Link loader and let's see how
we can be using it in our back configuration.
So in the Rat Pack configuration, we need to be applying this loader on all the gears and the gsx file.
So it's typically going to go in here.
So let's go down.
We already have one loader setup, which is the paper loader.
So after this, I'm going to be adding another loader.
This is also going to be an object.
Let's specify the name of the loader.
And this is the yes.
Lint loader.
And we also need to be specifying the options.
And this is going to be object as well with the option of fix as true.
So we are basically saying whenever you encounter any of the ideas or the gsx file, try to fix all
the excellent loaders and then try to pass the file using the bid will configurations.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
Let me try to save that and just clear the console and see NPM run build.
Awesome.
So we saw that all the rules regarding this basis are automatically fixed.
Now if I just go to the file, also have Node.js.
You can see that it has fixed all of those basic issues.
So you can see that once you have this, yes.
Linked in your project, there's going to be a lot of consistency, a lot of clean looking code.
And this is really important in any JavaScript project.
So that is a very high level or beyond excellent.
You can go to the same documentation and explore more what are the different kind of configuration you
can do and so on.
So this is pretty much an introduction on how to be using easily with the pack.
So I hope you enjoyed and learned a lot from this entire section on React Years and Webpack combination.
So let's go to the next video and just have an overview of what was learned in this section.